1.1 View in SQL:
View contains a table with rows and columns from one or more tables. It also displays the values stored in the tables.
Create a view : 
CREATE VIEW view_1 AS
SELECT table_id, table_value
FROM table_1
WHERE table_id = 1;

Difference from a table:
A table can store data inside them where as View only displays the values stored in the respective table. This reduces memory storage.

1.2 	Pull request 							Merge request
*	This informs the changes that has been pushed to a branch	This is the process of merging the changes from one branch into another.
* 	This happens before merging a code from branch			This combines the code from other branches into single branch without any conflicts.
* 	E.g. git request-pull						E.g. git merge

1.3 Role of the `else` block in Python exception handling:
*	This is used in try except block.
*	Else block runs at the end of try except block when exception is not occurred.

How to use:
try:
    result = print(2+2) # Output: 4
except SomeException as e:
    print(f"An error occurred: {e}")
else:
    print("The operation was successful:", result) # Output: The operation was successful: None

In the above code, try block is executed and except block throws an error is exception occurred. 
The else block is executed when an exception is not occurred. 

1.4 Three different API request methods:

i) GET: This function retrieves data from the server.
Usage: To obtain data from a specific resource without making any changes to it.
Example: Obtaining a list of users from a server.
Successful status code: 200 (OK).

ii) POST: This function sends data to the server to build a new resource.
Usage: Used to submit data for processing, such as creating a new user or submitting a new blog item.
Example: Filling out a registration form to create a new user account.
Successful Status Code: 201 (Created).

iii) PUT: Updates an existing resource on the server.
Usage: Send data to completely update an existing resource.
Example: Updating an existing user's information.
Successful Status Codes: 200 (OK) or 204 (No Content).

1.5 Three roles in a scrum team:

i) Product Owner: In charge of creating the product backlog, prioritising work, and ensuring that the team adds value to the business.
ii) Scrum Master: Helps the team follow agile methods and removes roadblocks to progress.
iii) Development Team: In charge of delivering the product increments at the end of each sprint working along with the team.

1.6 Name two types of database constraints and define their roles. 
		Primary key 				Foreign key
Role:		This uniquely identifies all the rows	This value hold the link between tables
Uniqueness: 	This value is UNIQUE and NOT NULL	This value can be NULL and hold duplicate values
Quantity:	Only one primary key per table 		Table can hold one or more foreign key 
Indexing: 	Can be automatically indexed		Cannot be automatically indexed

1.7 Difference between the break and continue statements:
Break statement - breaks out the current loop immediately and proceeds with the next statement after the loop. 
It terminates the current loop.

Example:
for i in range(5):
    if i == 2:
        break  # Loop stops completely when i is 2
    print(i)  # Output: 0, 1

Continue statement - Skips the rest of the code inside the current iteration of the loop and moves to the next iteration.
It terminates only the current iteration of the loop.

Example:
for i in range(5):
    if i == 2:
        continue  # Skips the rest of the loop when i is 2
    print(i)  # Output: 0, 1, 3, 4	
			
1.8 print("2" + 2)

OUTPUT: 
TypeError: can only concatenate str (not "int") to str

Explanation: We are trying to add string "2" with an integer 2, which is not allowed in Python. 
We either need to convert string to integer or vice-versa in order to rectify the error.
Way - 1 - adding as string: print("2" + str(2))  # Output: 22
Way - 2 - adding as integer: print(int("2") + 2)  # Output: 4 

